Workflow | LML API 
 API Docs 
 Swagger UI
 Workflow
 How the London Medical Laboratory API works and how it can fit in with your site.
 Selling tests online
 If you sell tests online through your own website, here are the steps you will commonly use:
 1
 Create an order
 First, create an order consisting of the product ID, quantity, customer details and shipping method.
 Depending on the shipping method you might also need to send us an onsite appointment, shipping address, or phlebotomy appointment and address.
 We will reply back with confirmation including an array of Test Registration IDs to use for future requests.
 Orders API reference
 2
 Register the test
 You have two options here:
 A 
 Direct the user to register the test through the LML patient portal at patient.londonmedicallaboratory.com 
 B 
 Register the patient through your own site and send us a PATCH to update the test registration with the patient details 
 The option you choose will affect the information printed on the Test Registration Form sent to the patient, directing them to your site or ours.
 Test Registrations API reference
 3
 Get results
 Once the sample has been sent back to the lab and tested, we will send a webhook to advise you the result is ready. You can then make a call to the lab results endpoint to retrieve the results.
 We offer you the choice of us sending the result to the patient — protected via a code sent by SMS combined with a secure link on email to download the result — otherwise we can leave it up to you to consume the result and inform the patient yourself.
 Taking your own tests
 If you are a GP or doctor and want to integrate with your own systems:
 1
 Register the test
 Make a simple call to the test registration API to register a test into our system.
 2
 Get results
 Once the sample has been sent back to the lab and tested, we will send a webhook to advise you the result is ready. You can then make a call to the lab results endpoint to retrieve the results.
 We offer you the choice of us sending the result to the patient — protected via a code sent by SMS combined with a secure link on email to download the result — otherwise we can leave it up to you to consume the result and inform the patient yourself.